A step is to add a services layer so that we can mock  it later on to do that right, click on the package,
new interface call it  greeting service, the greeting service.
You can take this method  signature here from the greeting imple paste it  inside the interface.
This will be an abstract method.
We don't have to declare it as public.
Implement this interface right.
Like new class call it  grouping service.
IMPL  click on add search for greeting service.
Select that interface click.
OK, finish the implementation here.
You can grab the implementation from the greet method inside the greeting Impl.
Cut it out, come to the greeting service IMPL
Select everything paste it  do a control shift F2 format
So the implementation has now been moved to the greeting service IMPL
The greeting implementation will be very simple.
It simply will.
Inject the greeting service IMPL here private greeting service service, and it simply returns whatever
the service Dot greet, Méthod  returns a very simple services Layer  has been added then entire  logic
is now hosted  by this service, including the exception part, and we will be invoking this method
will be testing this method inside, greeting implementation while mocking the greeting service implementation
or  the greeting service interface.